Update GA quote/ref in concepts-guidelines.md (#1169)
peter-evans/create-pull-request: docs/concepts-guidelines.md

Pull requests created by the action using the default `GITHUB_TOKEN` cannot trigger other workflows. If you have `on: pull_request` or `on: push` workflows acting as checks on pull requests, they will not run.

> When you use the repository's GITHUB_TOKEN to perform tasks, events triggered by the GITHUB_TOKEN will not create a new workflow run. This prevents you from accidentally creating recursive workflow runs. For example, if a workflow run pushes code using the repository's GITHUB_TOKEN, a new workflow will not run even when the repository contains a workflow configured to run when push events occur.

> [GitHub Actions: Automatic token authentication](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/automatic-token-authentication#using-the-github_token-in-a-workflow)

Reviewer: I think this might be a slightly more relevant link. It's the same paragraph, but just a different page that is more focused around triggering workflows from runs.
```suggestion
[GitHub Actions: Automatic token authentication](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-workflows/triggering-a-workflow#triggering-a-workflow-from-a-workflow)
```
